BECOME A LEGEND...
"I remember when it was announced almost 30 years ago. The Federated Commonwealth; they said it was the beginning of a new era of prosperity for the Lyran people. I was 18 then, bright-eyed, and eager to serve in what we Lyrans thought would be a new Star League. I believed it when the Archon told us peace had come. That was four wars ago for me.

Looking back I wonder if some god somewhere is trying to punish us for our hubris. My brother Karl died fighting the clans 16 years ago. The Civil War came, and my brother Otto died fighting the Fedsuns. My brother Aramis died - fighting me. 

I am 45 years old now, whats left of me. I have more mechanical parts then my Fafnir. Word just came from regimental HQ - we are heading out to the front against the Falcons. Perhaps soon I will join my brothers. Perhaps soon I will know if there is a Valhalla."

- The journal of Hauptmann Benjamin Von Bertuz, 5th Donegal Guards


It is 3067. Soon the Inner Sphere's leaders will make their way to Tharkad for the 4th Whitting Conference. Some say a new first Lord will be elected, but those that know the "sphere" sense something lurking beneath... Rumblings of war.

Already the Chaos March is in flames. The scars of Civil war have not healed for those who remember the horrors that accompanied the tearing asunder of the Fed-Com state. The Wolves and Falcons look toward Rasalhague and Lyran space with hungry eyes, straining at the oaths that bind them from fulfilling Kerensky's destiny. House Liao has risen to dizzying heights, much to the displeasure of the bellicose march lords in Davion space. The Periphery is abuzz with whispers of Blake's ghostly hand, and the Dragon steels its scales to ward the Bears' claws.

To those that call the Inner Sphere home, it is not a question of if war is coming; only when. As the inevitable storm begins, will you rise above the fallen? Will you fulfill your destiny? Will you become... a Legend?


Welcome to the 6th season of Mekwars: Legends. Established by a bunch of nerds back in spring of 2009, Mekwars: Legends is an online Battletech Campaign beginning in the tumultuous year of 3067. A volunteer project, it is run by BattleTech fans for BattleTech fans. Enjoy!!!


